hey viewers this is a random-ass video
I've been getting some comments on Xbox
saying that they want the chat pad if
you don't know the chat pad here it is
what it is the chat pad it connects to
your xbox controller like let's see you
can kind of see it this is xbox 360 chat
and it connects to like a mic but the
microlight is at the end of the chat
that you can get the combo pack that has
a new mic and the chat pad in it for 40
bucks or you can just get the chat pad
itself at Gamestop sold separately for
20 bucks or so but it depends if it's
used or not so here's the mic I came
with it we put this on
okay you obviously see that there's a
little hole in the back of the chat pad
you just plug your mic in there like
that like so so that's what you have to
do but I'll tell you how to put the chat
pad on and off carefully on your
controller or you will break the inside
of the controller you take the mic sorry
I can't hold the thing that much okay
okay I'm holding a camera line okay now
there are legs the little stick antenna
thing that goes inside the controller
but there are little bristles that you
need to look out for if you break these
little bristles the chat pad won't work
obviously you can see the little slot in
the controller don't put it up here or
you're a retard I mean I know
there is another hole up at the top of
the controller that's not where it goes
it goes on the bottom of the controller
so what you do is you line up the I got
to get it closer so I don't break it
myself
you gotta line up pretty good or you're
going to break it and if you see these
two holes you see this hole and this
hole here there are little things that
go into the hole that keeps it steady
dropped it so what you do is you
carefully line it up with that make sure
it fits in and then make sure the things
fill in the holes
and then it should carefully fit on
there let me get my rechargeable battery
put it in
so when you turn on your controller
no I gotta turn my TV on Arnold
okay you know VCC the Xbox Dashboard
it's from a faraway place so if I go
into a dark space say over here if you
have the to make sure you have the chat
pad correctly input it into the
controller what you can do is you can
press a button any button on it won't
self-destruct if you don't but if I go
into a dark place like this a little bit
that's not really dark but if you look
closely if as I press a button the
keypad lights up so it lights up just
that's to make sure that the thing works
it does drain your battery a little bit
more but I would advise only using it
like when you don't feel like regular
chatting and the mic is also used for
good communications as well so I'm
sorry for the mess of the game all right
okay so see
I was originally playing Halo um that's
me obviously anyway um so yeah thanks
for watching this video and I am the
person who's doing the dead space videos
you can obviously see I'll just randomly
start at the beginning of dead space for
you
man night 29 of online
anyway that's the beginning of
dissipation so I'll see you guys on xbox
now and thanks for watching this
introduction directions on how to use
the chat pad on your xbox 360 control if
you ever need any instruction on
anything else just comment when your
message me on youtube thank you